Book Title~Quote 1~Quote 2~Quote 3~Quote 4~Quote 5~Quote 6~Quote 7~Quote 8~Quote 9~Quote 10
The alchemist~It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting~Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own~It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That's the world's greatest lie~When each day is the same as the next, it's becasue people fail to recognize the godd things that happen in their lives every day that the sib rises.~The secret of happiness is to see all the marvels of the world, and never to forget the drops of oil on the spoon ~It was the language of enthusiasm, of things accomplished with love and purpose, and as part of a search for something believed in and desired~When someone makes a decision, he is really diving into a strong current that will carry him to places he had never dreamed of when he first made the decision~people need not fear the unknown if they are capable of achieving what they need and want~Most people see the world as a threatening place, and, becasue they do, the world turns out, indeed, to be a threatening place~There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure
We were dreamers ~I became a part of an idea that everyone deserves to see themselves as superheroes, as the leads of their own stories, or simply, just as mutifaceted beings with hopes and aspirations and flaws ~It didn't matter what destruction i had wrought during the day - at night, I would always take my place in between my grandparents and we would fall asleep in one another's arms. they were my safe haven ~my tiny shoulders would bear the weight of all their combined hopes, dreams, and ambitions~As uncomfortable as they feel reading some of their chinese colleagues' texts over wechat that demonized the west, they feel equally unsettled watching cnn, fox nows, and the rest of the western mainstream media lambast a villanious, straw-man version of china over and over again.~Like many immigrants who left their homes, they ackniwledge that theirs wasn't perfect - but home was home, and always would be.~Maybe, if he was lucky, he could even get fat off of junk food~Those who know me at all know that i am not great at moderation ~No matter what you choose to do with your day, you are either helping to create a new habit or solidifying old ones~Also apparently i never handed anything in on time ~Then, of couse, tucked away up north in harbin, bundled under a million blankets, there was me - a handsome little baby destined to disappoint both of them.
Darkness, Take my hand~You can't save people particularly when a person isn't even asking to be saved, we bounce and collide and smash out way through our lives, and for the most part, we're on our own. ~I guess my impulse had somethign to do with growing older, with looking back and seeing very few innocent violences committed against the young, in knowing that every tiny pain scars and chips away at what is pure and infinitely breakable in a child ~it never goes away. the worry. the fear. not for a second. that's the price of bringing life into this world ~people, my mother once claimed, cannot be fully understood, only reacted to~he died because he loved us too much and we didn't love him enough ~you can love more than one person at the same time~humans are messy ~I know society tells us it's good to talk about tragedy, to discuss it with friends or qualified strangers, and maybe so. But i often think we talk way too much in this society, that we consider verbhalization a panacea that it very often is not, and that we turn a blidn eye to the sort of morbid self absorption that becomes a predictable by-product of it~the simple act of caring for another, smaller human being was more therapeutic than a thousand counseling sessions~But we all dream of other lives, i suppose. we all want to live a thousand different existences during our time heree. but we can't can we?
Patron Saints of Nothing ~When you grow up in a country like the united states, you're constantly told it's the greatest place in the world. But then you go somewhere else one day and find out that bathroom dooes like this exist, and you start to question everything ~It's a sad thing when you map the borders of a frienship and find it's a narrower country than expected~Sometimes I feel like growing up is slowly peeling back these layers of lies ~Maybe you haven't developed a passion yet because you've spent your entire life doing what others wanted you to do ~Surely the air your lungs first breathe matters. The language your ears first hear. The foods your nose first smells and your tongue first tastes. The soil you first crawl upon. My conscious brain might not remember, but some thing in me does~Future-Jay can deal with what may come~we are to be more than what we have been, there's so much that we need to say. Salvation through honesty, i guess ~We have more power and potential than we know if we would only speakm if we would only listen~Fuck those people who say being born somewhere doesn't count if you didn't grow up there or because half your ancestors are from somewhere else. Fuck anyone who tries to tell you who you are and where you belong~It strikes me that i cannot claim this country's serene coves and sun-soaked beaches without claiming its poverty, its problems, its history. to say that any aspect of it is part of me is to say that all of it is part of me 
The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game~Parcells believed that even in the NFL a lot of players were more concerned with seeming to want to win than with actually winning, and that many of them did not know the difference. What they wanted, deep down, was to keep their jobs, make their money, and go home. Lawrence Taylor wanted to win. He expected more of himself on the field than a coach would dare to ask of any player~Offensive linemen were the stay-at-home mothers of the NFL: everyone paid lip service to the importance of their contribution yet hardly anyone could tell you exactly what that was ~The price of protecting quarterbacks was driven by the same forces that drove the price of other kinds of insurance: it rose with the value of the asset insured, with the risk posed to the asset ~When a star running back or wide receiver is injured, the coaches worry about their game plans. When a star quarterback gets hurt, the coaches worry about their jobs ~Memphis could make you wonder why anyone ever bothered to create laws segregating the races. More than a million people making many millions of individual choices generated an outcome not so different from a law forbidding black people and white people from mingling ~God gives people money to see how you're going to handle it~The Mormons may be going to hell but they really are nice people~Sports was the closest thing in America to pure meritocracy. the one avenue of ambition widely thought to be open to all ~People are no better at seeing the various paths their lives might have taken than football fans are at seeing the many different things that might have happened on any single play. People not outcomes, and reason backward from them ~He had the most intense desire to please, without the ability to do the things that pleased
Dear Martin~you ever consider that maybe you not supposed to "fit"? people who make history rarely do ~But before you say something "isn't fair," you should consider your starting point versus someone else's~It's like I'm trying to climb a mountain, but I've got one fool trying to shove me down so I won't be on his level and another fool tugging at my leg trying to pull me to the ground he refuses to leave~What do I do when my very identity is being mocked by people who refuse to admit there's a problem ~When you spend your whole life being 'accepted' by white people, it's easy to ignore history and hard to face stuff that's still problematic, you feel me?~people often learn more from getting an undeserved pass than they would from being punished~why try to do right if people will always look at me and assume wrong ~I've got one memory of the day everything happened: sharp pains in my chest and shoulder, and then not being able to breathe. In that moment when I thought I was dying, it hit me: despite how good of a dude Martin was, they still killed him, man ~That idiot 'pundit' would rather believe you and Manny were thugs then believe a twenty-year veteran cop made a snap judgment based on skin color. He identifies with the cop. If the cop is capable of murder, it means he's capable of the same. He can't accept that ~You can't change how other people think and act, but you're in full control of you. When it comes down to it, the only question that matters is this: If nothing in the world ever changes, what type of man are you gonna be
Dear Justyce ~Those assholes can't seem to care about being offensive, so why should i give a damn about being agreeable ~it didn't matter what he did. Staying focused didn't give Quan any control at all ~Dude had all these obstacles he couldn't seem to get past no matter how hard he tried, and it was almost as though falling into the life of crime everybody expected from him was (sorta) unavoidable~So your son is a grown man by Jewish standards, yet still gets treated like a kid. Meanwhile ain't no ceremonies for kids like us, but if we get in troubles we get treated like adults~Black Power is giving power to people who have not had power to determine their destiny~The reason I joined the Black Jihad: i needed backup. Support without judgment. People who hadn't-and wouldn't-give up on me. I needed a family ~How the hell's a person supposed to give something they ain't never had~And that's what it comes down to. We find the families we were desperate for and learn different ways of going about things. Ways that sometimes land us in places/positions we don't really wanna be in~Jason jason grind and grit don't forget you're not alone for everywhere is where you fit and everyone feels just the same ~Which was the hardest thing of all about telling this story: knowing the most fictional part is the support Quan receives 